Wise Tree Lore Suggestions
Add here your line suggestions. They should be from following categories:
botanical jokes
dad jokes
random lore
mc lore/trivia
something that breaks the 4th wall
fantasy game quotes or jokes
wisdom / philosophy
Note that the system works using a “trust” variable (from -20 to 100) that can be increased by talking to the tree. Also most shitposting stuff should happen at 100
A line should be fairly short but the system supports displaying multiple lines one after the other. use spaces and periods to divide those
You can specify said trust next to your suggestion
Quotes are divided into “trigger” categories

Also system supports $id, $player_name, $random_pos, $random_future_date

Talked to
What sap?

What is brown and sticky? A stick

Humans are so smelly (80)

They are among us (100)

…

Are you talking to me? (20)

Check your mailbox (there's not a pipebomb in there trust me) (100)

$random_future_date

I do not support the transgender community.

Punch dogs.

I’m sure there’s something interesting at $random_pos.

It starts with… (3)

Know the enemy, and know yourself.

The opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.

Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness.

Actually dude, it's salt, not sodium chloride (30)

Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.

Plates aren’t real.

77+33=100

Wise Mystical TreeyMc.Wise Mystical Treeface (75)

I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow to the tree.

There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.

She beef my stroganoff--[EXTREMELY LOUD INCORRECT BUZZER]

Legends speak of a substance called Pilk, perhaps you should seek it out. (100)

You're either a Numb Digger or a Dumb Ni–
I was advised to not elaborate further (100)

You're a disappointment to your parents (-20)

I used to be an adventurer like you, until I took an arrow to the tree (60)

Wait hold on someone's calling me (35)

I used to hangout with some chicken. He liked to pull up jokes. Ultimately, we had to reset the universe to undo his doing. (85)

In case you didn’t know, foxes are players

You're either a smart fella or a fart smella.

Please place the Weighted Storage Cube on the Fifteen Hundred Megawatt Aperture Science Heavy Duty Super-Colliding Super Button

A HUGE WAVE OF ZOMBIES IS APPROACHING!

Shrek is love, Shrek is life.

You should try that game called Minecraft

I'm going to teach you how to sell seashells in 10 steps in a nursery rhyme. (92)

All war is deception.

Standing here, I realize (20)

Wisdom is your greatest ally, and ignorance your most powerful enemy.

I'm le funny (69)

I’m an atheist, but when god sends me to hell I want him to hesitate.

Hurt

39 buried, 0 found.

[Just shows your IP address]

Literally 1984

28 stab wounds

$player_name, KRILL YOU'RE SELF!!!!

30 seconds.

You know the rules and so do I (100)

I can’t believe you’ve done this (80)

I'm sending you to $random_country!

Wubalubadubdub!

$random_pos DOXXED!!!

Leaf me alone

Wood you kindly stop?

You fell off


Woken Up
I don't care who the IRS sends, I'm not paying my taxes

I feel a disturbance in the force

Hello everybody, my name is Multiplier and welcome back to Five Nights at Freddy’s

Good morning USA, I've got a feeling that it’s gonna be a wonderful day.

Morning wood

Who dares awakening me?

Okay I know what you're thinking.. And yes, I am related to (some random celebrity)

Hello there.

It starts with one thing I don't know why it doesn't even matter how hard you try keep that in mind I designed this rhyme to explain in due time all I know
