I think its hilarious u kids talking shit about semphis. u wouldnt say this shitto him at lan, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol.
chatgpt classic post
By Rhodox!
By Rhodox and Friends!
By Rhodox and Fans!
Nostalgic!
As seen in several old YouTube videos!
Edit This Pack!
Oh, I remember this!
I can't tell the difference between cats and squids!
MATSUMOTO, OUT!
Moontsumoto.
Mighty meat-tools!
BEE HELL!
Hi Roamin!
Thanks mom!
A safe with a smaller safe inside!
Rustic logs!
Turn those endermen... into BENDERMEN!
Birthday stabbing bux!
The original customizable pack!
Over 20 million downloads! Golly!
Absolute gobs of new options!
Golly!
Sponsored by the Telethon!
As chosen by YOU!
MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW
Predicted beehives!
The dreaded bitemark of Khaz Modan!
It's lavawine time!
Mistakes and ladders!
Spelunkiana Jonesy!
Collect em! Trade em! You can even swing em!
Experience modern living!
Faux structural elements!
Collect the whole set and have a blast!
The forest world is your wood oyster!
Rich, stained, mahogany!
Drop some gifts for your friends!
Assorted vaguely unidentifiable blobs!
The work of hellish bees?
A morass of writhing maggots!
Placing blocks is only half the battle.
Breaking blocks is important too!
What fun would it be if we didn't provide alternates?
GoodDog Plain!
Bottomless soul-eating vaccuums?
Looks great in your living room or dilapidated cavern ruins!
Handy-dandy Rhodox Co. shipping boxes!
Multiple world creation myths!
Spoils for your treasure chamber!
Craft cthonic vegetation into diabolical machines!
Why not explore the real winter wastelands?
The sponge is also updated.
What's inside the ticking present?
Change my chickens into ducks.
Happy Creeper happy happy yay YAY!
I want to have 'special needs' pig.
Make my white horse a black horse.
The world-famous Johnny Cat.
Zombies? Pssh! I battle goddamn YETIS.
Now Zoidberg is the popular one!
2,000,000 customizer downloads? That'll happen...when pigs fly!
Give me a monocle with my hide armor Milkman hat.
My diet is pure bacon. I will be dead by age 25.
Give 'em the steakeye!
Give me a poison mushroom medley instead. I can take it.
Because wheat-ley pumpkins just aren't enough.
Now you know where Slimes come from.
Spooky and strangely romantic candles!
Nothing beats the utility of a bucket.
Perhaps you can convince some skeletons to fork over candy.
(unofficially officially dubbed the Turbocart and the HMS Cubeship)
Cruelty-free (relatively!), free-range, fair trade organic tofu-based Facon!
Catch delicious blue Minefish!
A savage age of stone and bronze!
A jolly old time in the mines!
Run your own private snake cult!
Just all around rampage and pillage!
Willful displays of excess!
Master the elements and become a force of nature!
Gold really is the tool choice of fools.
Live out all your wildest dreams of lording over Creeper Nation!
I call my machete the "Trejo".
I suspect dark sorcery is somehow involved...
Swish around your laser-rods for various cosmic powers! 
A great gag gift for parties.
Crudely mashed together into a vague facsimilie!
OVERFLOWING WITH THE POWER OF THE CUSTOMIZER
It's a piece of cake, to bake a Painterly Cake!
Woo, Something Awful!
Judo-chopped directly into strips of artery-clogging, salty bacon!
For, you know, SCIENCE. You monster.
Upgraded snow! (though not snowier)
Ready your post-apocalypses and your time machines! 
The H.M.S. Lollipop is ready to sail!
Use vehicles wisely and don't stray too far from your base!
The perfect disguise to earn a cow's trust before you clobber it.
Truly, clothing for men and women of action.
Any resemblance to certain horror villains is purely coincidental... 
For those unlocking the riddle of steel.
Do away with all this costume silliness!
Reminiscent of a certain Latvarian dictator!
Doom all your Thulsas in style with your ancient armor!
A dash of Apollo and another dash of jiangshi!
Protects as well as amazes!
Watermelolanterns!
Only science knows for sure.
It's ok, we forgive you Honeydew. 
Scare others this festive season - maybe even the actual zombies! 
Slice and dice foes, and block with the power of light!
Celebrate in style with pigmen!
Celebratory cake's on me! 
Watch out for the mythic mooing polar bear!
Fake muscles (with a zipper) for your scrawny types!
Fantastically edible Crigs!
Like that'll happen...
Find out through the awesome power of cube-based violence. 
Holy cow! No, wait...holy pig!
Enjoy the adorable winged bacon factories! 
Duck-huntable ducks!
Deep below in the briny blue, lost in benthic caves, or in your bathtub!
A living terrain block gone bad!
Who wrapped the Creeper?
All Nether breaks loose!
Once he gets you, you won't need eyes where you're going... 
Pigmen take part time jobs as Christmas elves to make ends meet.
You'd have to go to the Nether to see it for yourself. 
Arctic spiders also stalk the lonely winter wastelands!
Run-of-the-mill giant tarantulae!
Unleash the full and awesome power of the undead!
Just don't ask us where the hides and eggs are coming from!
My sea squids go bloop, like some kind of blooper device.
A tribute to the 8-bit era!
Goin' Super!
Beware of the Skeleton Emperor, everyone! 
Never get lost in caves again!
Discover the secret lives of creepers!
The basic 'Three Creeper Moon'
Re-imagined textures!
Amazing and addicting!
Battle undead and worse each night!
Explore and build by day!
Marux tested, Roamin approved!
Get creative with your nigh-indestructible windows, everyone!
Use your mighty tree-punching fists to blast sand!
Test your luck, good sirs and madams.
Trilobites are pretty freakin' awesome.
Trapped and preserved under ice!
Psychotropic indestructible black heart of the earth!
Perfect for hellish nethergates!
On Kurmajara's cosmic back the world rests.
Jazz up your wooden constructs!
Open them and find out!
Store items responsibly and away from sources of lava.
Smash them open to grab the treasures within! 
Nefariate in style with the power of Painterly!
Options beefitting the brilliance of it all!
Complete with a delicious mutton roast cooking inside.
Not just the tool of engineers and junk food addicts!
What do those canisters hold? 
Raise captive slimes in a controlled environment!
Terrifying, everburning, and possibly alive.
Packed snow so intensely cold that it can float in magma!
Endless screaming faces!
Blackened by your choice of intense heat or exposure to soil.
Altars of an unnatural stone...
What's inside? The ending? Maybe.
IT'S ALIVE!!!
Since 2010!
Great for making chicken particle colliders!